Hash map contains key and value pair. It doesn't maintain order means first given element could be placed
    at any position at the index of array due to its hashcode.

It checks keys by using equals method if both keys are equal return true and
    then the value of lower one will be overridden.

Hash code is generated by a method inside Object class called hashCode, this method provides
    hashCode which helps to arrange value in array by its index.

The Index is being decided by hashcode if hashcode is same of two different key value pair
    then both of them will be stored in same index , how is this possible ?

Because of every index contains linked-list till the size is being 8,
    After 8 element linked list no longer used Red black tree is used.

There is a binary tree is used which is self-balancing binary tree (Red Black Tree)
    Which is used to decrease time complexity if there is a linked and no BST then
    the searching and inserting takes 0(n) time which is not good to use.

But in terms of Classes Object, every object having their own hashcode which is generated by address
    of the object by native language c/c++ and java uses some algorithm to convert that address into hashcode
    so every element having their different hashcode.

But when two element carrying same value (id (same person)) then they're also having different hashcode due to
    both are different objects so we need to override hashcode , so that if more than 1 person having same id will
    be generated same hashcode and their value will be overridden.

Now if we search for two same value objects then in this condition we also need to override equals method so that
    we could get easily the value we required to search. If we are finding value of same object then equals method
    will check if their id is equal if yes it will find in the same index where previous obj is kept.

We are assuming the object as key and value is proving by map.put(obj1,"Value1");



















